I wish you a happy simple, warm and kind.
《愿你简单快乐，温暖善良》
Author: whales fall April 22, 2022, literature appreciation
作者: 鲸落2022年04月22日美文欣赏
Sometimes will think, the more people grow up, the more difficult it is to happiness?
有时候会不会觉得，人越长大，越难快乐了？


Is not life become boring, less happy, but happy threshold was raised, change, is our mood.
其实不是生活变得乏味，快乐变少了，而是快乐的门槛被提高了，变化的，是我们的心境。


Most of the time, we want to be too much, care too much, but ignored the plain and simple happiness.
很多时候，我们想要的太多，在意的太多，却忽视了那些朴实的、简单的幸福。


One of the best life state, not every moment with a bang, but at the same time in the pursuit of a warm, also can cherish small beautiful days.
一个人最好的生活状态，并不是每时每刻都要轰轰烈烈，而是在追求热烈的同时，也能珍惜平淡日子里的小美好。


Today, do a simple people.
今天起，做一个简单的人。


Shopping and reading books, go for a walk, have their own small life and interest, to live out yourself.
逛逛街，看看书，散散步，有自己的小生活和小情趣，努力活出自己就好。


As one writer said: "today's things, devoted all my heart and soul to try to do it, no matter how, should be to be able to sleep happily."
就像有位作家说的：“今日的事情，尽心、尽意、尽力去做了，无论成绩如何，都应该高高兴兴地上床恬睡。”


Simple life is not easy, but we can too.
生活不简单，但我们可以简单过。


How to experience and enjoy, never done things to do.
多去经历和享受，没做过的事情要做一做。


Not thing is don't lose the feelings don't to heart.
得不到的东西就不要了，失去的感情就别再耿耿于怀了。


We are going to do, it is good to eat every meal, every thing ready at hand, love around every a person worthy of love.
我们要做的，是吃好每一顿饭，做好手边的每一件事，用心去爱身边每一个值得爱的人。


Let's do a simple person.
一起做个简单的人吧。


A person, what's most important quality?
一个人身上，什么品质最重要呢？


This world, the temptation is too much, too many test, can hold their own bad, is the one most precious quality.
这个世界，诱惑太多，考验太多了，能坚守住自己的本心，才是一个人最珍贵的品质。


In life is the trip, we slowly grow up, has experienced social hone, throw away the innocent and simple, gradually learn to wear a mask, became the world.
在人生这趟旅途中，我们慢慢成长，经历了社会的磨砺，扔掉了天真和简单，渐渐学会戴上面具，开始变得人情世故。


But in the end I hope you no matter where go, walk how far, can always in the afternoon.
但希望你最后不管走到哪里，走得多远，都能永远赤诚。


Pure eyes, can see the beautiful scenery;
眼睛纯净，才能看见美丽的风景；


People in this life, don't have to be powerful and expensive,, but must live clean, have a clear conscience.
人这辈子，不一定要大富大贵，功成名就，但一定要活得清白，问心无愧。


Sweep the dust in my heart, do a clean person.
扫扫心里的尘埃，做个干净的人。


Even if this world more complex, and disturbance, may you still leave a pure land for themselves.
哪怕这世界再复杂、再纷扰，愿你仍为自己留一处净土。


Smart but however head, round and smooth through the canopy.
精明却不过头，历圆滑而弥天真。


Read one sentence has a lot of feelings: "if you are more and more cold, you think you grow up, but actually not.
读过一句很有感触的话：“如果你越来越冷漠，你以为你成长了，但其实没有。


Although my ability is limited, it can bring warmth to others.
虽然自己能力有限，却力所能及地给他人带去温暖。


I hope you can after seen it indifference, still be a kind and warm person.
希望你能在看过了冷漠之后，仍然做一个善良、温暖的人。


As someone said: "we insist on one thing at a time, and not because to do so will have effect, but believes it is right to."
就像有人说的：“我们坚持一件事，不是因为这样做了会有效果，而是坚信这样做是对的。”


Is that we can think back at the end of the matter, this matter, is worthy of my heart;
是让我们能在事情结束之后回头想想，这件事，我无愧于心；


Your heart is warm sun, and the world will be bright;
你心怀暖阳，世界便会明亮；


Have you seen the world beyond, still believe that the world of good.
愿你看过了世间百态，仍然相信世界的美好。
